{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs22 Yoga Center \b0\par
    home     about us    training    gallery    contacts\par
\par
01/05 \tab 02/05 \tab 03/05 \tab 04/05 \tab 05/05\par
\par
    philosophy\tab     practice\tab     life style\tab     meditation\par
\par
Philosophy\par
Our yoga retreats are ongoing and can be tailored to make your vacation everything you want it to be. Whether an invigorating morning practice, or a meditative afternoon session, our yoga classes and yoga retreats are taught by professional instructors, focusing on the Hatha Vinyasa style.\par
more\par
Practice\par
Many people are surprised to know that Santa Teresa did not even have electricity until 1996. Although the area was well-known to surfers for some time, the \ldblquote secret\rdblquote  did not get out more broadly until after the year 2000, and since that time the area has experienced tremendous growth and development.\par
more \par
Life style\par
From the beginning, the Casa Zen staff has been like family to us, and each and every one has been very integral, and truly at the heart, of shaping it into what it is today.Finally, a very special thanks to my family, whom without their support I would not have had the opportunity for such a wonderful experience. \par
more\par
Meditation\par
We truly believe that food can help you lead a healthy, happy life, and can heal you in more ways than simply physically.  Our Yoga Retreats will include (nearly totally!) organic fruits and vegetables in the prepared meals and smoothies, and we will present our guests with nutrition information that they can take with them.\par
more\par
recent posts\par
Aenean nonummy hendrerit mauris. Phasellus porta\par
sep 19 posted by jenny 10\par
Praesent vestibulum molestie lacus. Aenean nonummy hendrerit mauris. Phasellus porta. Fusce suscipit varius mi. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.\par
more\par
Mauris fermentum dictum magna. Sed laoreet aliquam leo\par
sep 19 posted by jenny 10\par
Fusce suscipit varius mi. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.Praesent vestibulum molestie lacus. Aenean nonummy hendrerit mauris. Phasellus porta.\par
more\par
Ads not by this site\par
Yoga Asanas for Beginners\par
01 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus. Aenean\par
details\par
02 Aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
03 Vestulum molestie lacus Aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
04 Vestulum molestie acus aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
05 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus.\par
details\par
06 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus.\par
details\par
07 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus. Aenean\par
details\par
08 Aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
09 Vestulum molestie lacus Aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
10 Vestulum molestie acus aenean nonummy hendrerit\par
details\par
11 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus.\par
details\par
12 Praesent vestulum molestie lacus.\par
details\par
prev next\par
Newsletter\par
Submit *This is not a valid email address.\par
1 800 567 89 90\par
8901 Marmora Road, Glasgow,\par
D04 89GR.\par
YogaCenter\par
\'a9 2013 Privacy policy\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b About Us\b0\par
About Yoga Center\par
Nam quis tellus molestie, tincidunt augue.\par
In scelerisque at ipsum gravida luctus. Praesent eget fermentum ligula, at pharetra sem. Aliquam mattis tempor metus eget sollicitudin? Donec vel ipsum neque. Maecenas libero est, tristique et tincidunt adipiscing, rutrum vel nunc. Nulla dignissim, arcu ac eleifend imperdiet, arcu lectus sodales elit, non pretium nulla enim at lacus.\par
In scelerisque at ipsum gravida luctus. Praesent eget fermentum ligula, at pharetra sem. Aliquam mattis tempor metus eget sollicitudin? Donec vel ipsum neque. Maecenas libero est, tristique et tincidunt adipiscing, rutrum vel nunc. Nulla dignissim, arcu ac eleifend imperdiet, arcu lectus sodales elit, non pretium nulla enim at lacus. Pellentesque sagittis urna ac.\par
At Yoga Class\par
\par
    We Believe Yoga is for Everyone\par
    We Believe in the Possibility of Transformation\par
    We Believe in Listening\par
    We Believe In Taking Risks\par
    We Believe in Supporting and Respecting Each Other\par
    We Believe Yoga Keeps the Body Healthy and the Mind Clear\par
    We Believe Yoga Keeps the Body Healthy and the Mind Clear\par
    We Believe the More you Have Done for Others the More you Have Done for Yourself\par
\par
What We Do & Why\par
In scelerisque at ipsum gravida luctus. Praesent eget fermentum ligula, at pharetra sem. Aliquam mattis tempor metus eget sollicitudin.\par
details\par
Sed posuere malesuada dolor vitae dapibus. Integer lacus quam, rutrum Phasellus accumsan bibendum dui, faucibus suscipit leo.\par
details\par
Nam consectetur vulputate element um. Morbi hendrerit, lectus eu hendr erit eleifend, est metus porta ante, et uam turpis purus nec arcu.\par
details\par
Phasellus accumsan bibendum dui, Nam consectetur vulputate elementu semper neque sed lectus molestie, a placerat justo suscipit.\par
details\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Training\b0\par
What We Offer\par
Perdiet ultricies tellus, eget imperdiet tortor.\par
Maecenas ac tincidunt arcu, sit amet fringilla leo? Suspendisse mauris nunc, dictum a vehicula eget; laoreet in mauris! Etiam varius laoreet tempus! Suspendisse vitae pharetra augue, pharetra porttitor libero! Cras neque libero, venenatis eu pellentesque sed, tempus et enim. Mauris sit amet purus suscipit, mattis ipsum nec, venenatis dui non, interdum arcu. Etiam egestas malesuada accumsan. Donec fermentum tellus ut vulputate scelerisque.Duis bibendum, odio sit amet.\par
more\par
Our comprehensive suite of training programs includes:\par
\par
    Immersion- The essential elements of 200-Hour Teacher Training Program concentrated into one weekend\par
    200-Hour Teacher Training- A foundational program for serious students and aspiring teachers\par
    300-Hour Professional Program- A graduate level program for developing teachers\par
    Continuing Education- Courses to deepen and refine your practice and teaching\par
\par
Course Descriptions\par
\par
Maecenas ac tincidunt arcu, sit amet fringilla leo? Suspendisse mauris nunc, dictum a vehicula eget; laoreet in mauris! Etiam varius laoreet tempus! Suspendisse vitae pharetra augue, pharetra porttitor libero! Cras neque libero, venenatis.\par
Eu pellentesque sed, tempus et enim. Mauris sit amet purus. suscipit, mattis ipsum nec, venenatis dui non, interdum arcu.\par
more\par
Teacher Training\par
\par
    About Teacher Training\par
    Become a Certified Teacher\par
    Admission Guidelines\par
    Admission Fees\par
    On-line Application\par
    Application Status\par
    Scholarship Application Status\par
    Curriculum\par
\par
    Daily Schedule\par
    Our Faculty\par
    Scholarship\par
    Teacher Training FAQs\par
    Recertification\par
    Teachers Wanted\par
    Teacher Contact Form\par
\par
Fresh Links\par
\par
    Sed posuere malesuada dolor vitae\par
    Integer lacus quam rutrum nec\par
    Gravida sed auctor sed nunc\par
    Phasellus accumsan bibendum dui\par
    Nam consectetur vulputate elementum\par
    Morbi hendrerit lectus eu hendrerit\par
    Eleifend est metus porta ante\par
    Quisque semper neque sed lectus\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Gallery\b0\par
Our Gallery\par
Ut a leo a lorem ultrice.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Praesent eu quam nulla.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Ultrices tempor a mauris.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Nulla facilisi proin risus.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Quam nulla facilisi.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Commodo at, mattis eu.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Sed mollis arcu nibh.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
Commodo at, mattis.\par
Etiam nec dolor ut magna dignissim placerat et id curabitur vel augue nec ligula auctor ultrices.\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
How to Find Us\par
The Company Name Inc.\par
\par
8901 Marmora Road,\par
Glasgow, D04 89GR.\par
    Freephone:+1 800 559 6580\par
    Telephone:+1 800 603 6035\par
    FAX:+1 800 889 9898\par
    E-mail: mail@demolink.org\par
\par
9863 - 9867 Mill Road,\par
Cambridge, MG09 99HT.\par
    Freephone:+1 800 559 6580\par
    Telephone:+1 800 603 6035\par
    FAX:+1 800 889 9898\par
    E-mail: mail@demolink.org\par
\par
Contact Form\par
*This field is required. \par
*This is not a valid name. Name: \par
*This field is required. *This is not a valid email. E-mail: \par
*This field is required. *This is not a valid phone. Phone: \par
*This field is required. *The message is too short. Message:\par
Clear Send\par
}
 